# hello-world
This respository is for practicing the Github flow
Cloud: I need to create A live stream to conduct business, I'll need this space for Instances(Major commands and protocols) like Real Time Bots(my point of view), in Command. This will Protocol sharing the commands here on GitHub, Tell me it's Navigation to The right advertising forms for Buying a New Home and Purchasing a New Car, without having to Speak on a Home or Mobile phone with A Real life operator. My main 2 Requests that I need available to me (Papers used to Mail with The United States Postal Service, Official Mail or GROUND ADVANTAGE) are Leases, Mortgages and Insurances (Car Policys and Home Loan acknowlegments when signing off a Lease for a Brand New Home) and Other party or agreements (to keep this Announcment in-Tact with how Buying homes have costs or Pros and Cons when recieving Bills and other Collections) (Advertising Policy's too). To a Common-wealth Audience, That does not-need or worry-no-more, This build HAS to be done clear, visible to the Public and assertive with my respect and theirs (Meaning 3rd partiers or 3rd parties audience) The lifestyles and It's organizations.
MAIN(experiences): Having the Access, for example, I Created Mortgages on the Web using Zillow, Property Managment(Manage My property) or verified my identity without input and was able to (Claim this Home).. Theis is well structurized and does have a Clear Navigation but The collective frame-of work is below standards and Is not at a Pace of Doing Business or Banking in Escrow approach. What I'll need is for you to re-frame Zillow, BMW USA by this week and commit changes. I do not want to come back, I need it done. Please navigate correctly.
